# Taking minutes

## Meeting details

Location: 		Drebbelweb, TU Delft

Date: 		15/02/2022

Time: 15:45-16:30

Attendees: 		

Kuba Trzykowski

Reinier Schep

Vian Robotin

Mana Mahmoudi 

Laimonas Lipinskas

TA: Damla Ortaç



## Agenda items

**Opening by Chairperson** 

*No minutes.*

**Announcements** 

No specific announcement from chairman.

Although the TA said: We should **push** our work each time **before** **Sundays 00:00 and/or Monday 6pm.** Also gave feedback for the backlog document, it has been included in *Dividing tasks* part.

**Approval of the agenda** 

Everyone agreed

**Approve minutes of prior meeting**

There was no secretary for the prior meeting.

**Dividing tasks- so everyone knows what to do**

We decided to divide and organize the work that must be done for the backlog and the HCI assignment. 

The backlog has two parts, 											1. Formatting the document we have into “AS A [ROLE], I WANT TO [FUNCTION] BECAUSE [REASON] or at least something like it. Also formatting by dividing some points that are too big and contain other points (for example, the point about the jokers)						 2. Put them as issues in GitLab. **TA Recommendation**: add tags in GitLab according to the MoSCoW principle. It will be easier to find things afterwards. Write as a title what we have written in the document about the requirements, and in the description write what must be done technically.

We also talked about 

**Summary of action points**

*Give an overview of the division of tasks. What is expected from whom and when? Make an action list.* 


|Action items|Who is responsible|Planned for|Course Deadline|
| :- | :- | :- | :- |
|Make backlog document more organised|The whole team|Preferably before Thursday 17/02|None|
|Put issues in GitLab|The whole team|On Thursday 17/02|Friday 18/02 6pm|
|Submit the Code of Conduct completed on 15/02|One person in the team (will see on Thursday 17/02)|On Thursday 17/02|Friday 18/02 6pm|
|HCI Draft, start dividing tasks. **It must be handed to Damla (TA)**|The whole team|On Thursday 17/02|3rd week to get feedback from Damla|
|Create a new dev branch|Kuba|<p>Preferably before Thursday 17/02</p><p>**Update**: it has been created</p>|None but needed for the next action in table|
|One merge per person on dev branch|Must be done by everyone!!|When previous action is done, in due course|Friday 18/02 6pm|
|Start draft|Everyone has a part in it. It has been decided thanks to action n°4|On Thursday 24/02|Friday 25/02 6pm|



**Useful info from asked questions?** 

- CheckStyle can be plugged in to IntelliJ. Also in git, it will check the style before each merge. We can it to the pipeline or locally, or both.
- HCI assignment template can be found on BrightspaceàOOPProjectàContentàHuman-Computer InteractionàHCI assignment.

**Closing**

*No minutes*

